These programmes were written by me as part of my job an an instructor in Magshimim, where i taught the year long course
"Advanced programming in C++" for teens in the 11th grade looking to get into technology roles in their military service.
I completed these exercises in order to later guide my students through them so that they can create their own similar 
projects.


Chess- a OOP-based 2 player chess engine. It recieves move insructions from the C# frontend user interface 
(not built by me. My part of the project is the backend engine) and checks wheather the move is legal
(is it my turn? is this my piece? is the move legal? am I jumping over pieces in the way? does this move result in chess?). 
If the move is legal an appoval msg is sent to the frontend and the change appears on the screen. otherwise- say for example,
if my king is in chess and my current move doesnt break said chess, an error msg will be sent to frontend that the move
is illegal. 
There is also an undo system utilized in case a piece moves to a position that puts my king in check.

This program utilizes principles such as inheritance, polymorphism, abstract class and pure virtual functions

Client Server:
a client that allows several clients to log in and edit a shared text file. "Google Docs" style.
Utilizes TCP network protocol. each client that logs in is handled in a seperate thread created for them.
At the same time there is a main thread that handles the messages clients enter into the msg queue to send the server.
This illustrates multi-threaded programming using mutexes and condition variables- as resources have to be accessed by one at a time.
As well as network programming and recieving and sending information through sockets.

Magshimart:

a programme simulating a market, utilizing the stl library data structures such as set, map and unordered map 


Fraction:
A fraction calculator. The purpose of this project was to practice the use of EXCEPTIONS.
I implemented two exception classes- one used for when an invalid mathematical operator is entered,
and the other for when the user tries to devide by zero.
